hey everybody hey Naruto here hey Naruto
how's it going wondering why ever so 25
is taking so long yeah why is episode 25
taking so long in our toe wait for the
words come out his face yeah there we go
hooray I've always wanted to see a movie
about me that is an awesome idea that
everybody wants to see I look really
good in this shot
shut up Sasuke I'm trying to talk over
the trailer ha ha ha I'm trying to pump
because this is our awesome first movie
we're all the auditions for two
characters for the princess and for that
old guy oh you mean I could play the
coveted role of that old guy I'm gonna
forest first holy crap you guys this
movie's gonna be amazing it's gonna be
way better than the L for Godfather
starring Will Ferrell I'm gonna just
stand outside the cinema and wait for it
to be released movie premiere no jutsu
does anybody else get the impression we
started camping out here a bit early job
soccer oh we're gonna be first in line
for this movie it's gonna be a mess ah
man that trailer lied to me it said this
movie was coming soon this is way longer
than soon this is like coming eventually
or coming maybe never I don't know I'm
sure they're hard at work on the movie
as we speak
hey MARSOC Oh are we supposed to be
doing something right now I don't know
Vegeta I can't think of any check it out
Masek oh there's another drop coming up
let's wave our hands in the air it'll be
fun we man if it's taking them this long
to make the movie imagine how long it'll
take to make episode 25 actually they
already made episode 25 right but then
episode 26 will be a bitch she already
made episode 26 yeah but then episode 27
was already made it 28 ah but episode 29
is gonna be incredibly - already made
man if they can make five episodes how
come they can't finish a goddamn movie
that's probably a lot harder than you
think
no this movie is going to get made even
if I have to make it myself
masked ninja same sir
okay so I'm gonna make the movie myself
no all I need is some lesbians moto
I think you mean thespians I know what I
said sucka racha racha lesbians don't
just fall from the sky hot naked men
don't just fall from the sky
damnit sorry nobody attacks a
defenseless lesbian on my watch man
why's that Yuki a chick oh is running
away from us is it something we said I
know man maybe it's cuz we're always
wearing these black suits of armor and
you know riding these terrifying black
horses whose idea was that I think
they're pretty cool come on we look like
a samurai version of Darth Vader or
terrifying me come on would you want to
be chased by one of me and I could live
with it man I'm just saying it makes us
really obvious targets oh come on that's
the stupidest thing when you get the
hell telemar Atossa job why ah
is anybody else still alive just me then
what up homies what up homie sensei well
I see you took out those evil looking
guys well done by the way those evil
looking guys are actually the local
militia it's a good thing were ninjas
that we might have been arrested for
this you I wouldn't last a day in the
joint allow me to introduce our new
employer
the Japanese George Lucas hi I'm here to
fuck up you Millie holy shit you were
the famous actress Yuki a fuji kaze I've
downloaded all of your movies illegally
because I'm such a huge fan of yours
ever you know you'd be perfect for my
movie here let me pitch it to you the
movie opens with Bruce Willis fighting a
dragon with another dragon that he built
out of a stolen truck the dragon will of
course be voiced by Simon L Jackson then
a nuclear explosion happens but they
survive because they're in space and
then aliens arrive and they try to take
over the world but president Morgan
Freeman convinces them that this is a
bad idea we come back in here the plot
twists were turns out the business is
actually a dragon we're currently
filming Star Wars Episode
servin here in ancient Japan I decided
that instead of just ripping off old
samurai movies I might as well just make
one myself this is the director Japanese
Michael Bay Myers and everything
exploding famous lesbian actress UK Fuji
kaze you're drinking alcohol that is an
extremely bad habit I have lost so much
respect for you so anyway about my movie
miss Fujikawa you have to come back to
the set we can't finish the movie
without you
whatever couldn't you just recast her
where am I gonna find another lesbian at
this short notice you could always use
Sakura I'm not a lesbian I'm in love
with Sasuke I rest my case
Master we found the girl good once I
have the MacGuffin crystal nothing will
stop me from doing to her what I did to
bill from accounting and action cha cha
cha
no the camera needs to shake about more
make it so I can't tell what's going on
the audience loves that kind of crap
yeah shake it shake the camera shake it
more more dammit Zoi sensei if we're
living in ancient Japan how come we have
film crews okay there are some questions
you just don't ask such as do trainers
eat their Pokemon or will bleach ever
have a final episode are you really
David Bowie that would be another
example yes
there she is
the mother of all glaciers the symbol of
nature's wild and powerful beauty let's
blow the fuck out of it and action
you cow lot ah
maybe you will welcome princess Kali to
the land of snow mark twister jutsu
famous lesbian actress Yuki a Fuji cos a
is are just a famous lesbian actress
she's also a famous lesbian princess -
what ever allow us to introduce
ourselves
I am cliche henchman number one I am a
moderately attractive Asian man cliche
henchman number three a morbidly obese
seriously I can pretty much drop dead at
any minute
who are these guys bowie sensei here a
rare breed of ninja called forgettable
movie villains you've never heard of
them and after you finish fighting them
you won't remember it even happens but
for the next 19 minutes you'll think
they're the biggest threat you've faced
in your entire life
big David Bowie the 70s called they want
their timely references back
oh yeah well Advent Children called and
they want their crappy villains back
belly belly belly belly
ice caps oh no juicy don't worry folks
my open cloak will shield me from the
attack this is a word take up pizzelles
were full of shit Sakura I don't know
how much longer I can hold out you have
to promise me that if I don't survive
you have to tell Hinata that I'm
completely indifferent to her
Yoga blame no jutsu
well David Bowie I'm an honorable man so
I'll let you decide how we shall do very
well
I choose knowledge nor walls no walls
seriously cuz that's a lot you scared
oh it just seems a little odd as all
know all battle no jutsu
in the ocean breathe
pretty wide Athena for me
haha that was terrible where the hell
was all the product placement